README.md, before:

# Epidemiological Data from the COVID-19 Outbreak in Canada
We are collecting publicly available information on confirmed and presumptive postive cases during the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak in Canada. Data are entered in a spreadsheet with each line representing a unique case, including age, sex, health region location, and history of travel where available. Sources are included as a reference for each entry. All data are exclusively collected from publicly available sources including government reports and news media.


# Acknowledgements
We want to thank all individuals and organizations across Canada who have been willing and able to report data in as open and timely a manner as possible. A number of individuals have contributed to the specific data added here and their names and details are listed below, as well as in the contributors tab of the spreadsheet. Please see below for a recommended citation of this dataset.


# Dataset
The line list of cases is posted and updated at:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D6okqtBS3S2NRC7GFVHzaZ67DuTw7LX49-fqSLwJyeo/edit?usp=sharing

We aim to continue making updates daily. 


# Dashboard
We have also created an interactive dashboard for up-to-date visual analytics and epidemiological analyses. 

This is available for public use at: https://art-bd.shinyapps.io/covid19canada/


# Specific Contributors
Name | Organization | Email | Twitter
--- | --- | --- | ---
Isha Berry | University of Toronto  | isha.berry@mail.utoronto.ca | @ishaberry2
Jean-Paul R. Soucy | University of Toronto | jeanpaul.soucy@mail.utoronto.ca | @JPSoucy
James E. Wright | SickKids | jamese.wright@sickkids.ca | @JWright159
Kamal Acharya | University of Guelph | |
Gabrielle Brankston | University of Guelph | |
Thivya Naganathan | University of Guelph | |
Lindsay Obress | University of Guelph | |
Tanya Rossi | University of Guelph | |
Wendy Xie | University of Guelph | |

# Citation
COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group. Epidemiological Data from the COVID-19 Outbreak in Canada. https://github.com/ishaberry/Covid19Canada. (Access Date).

Commit message:

Adds direct download link for xlsx spreadsheet.

README.md, after:

# Epidemiological Data from the COVID-19 Outbreak in Canada
We are collecting publicly available information on confirmed and presumptive postive cases during the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak in Canada. Data are entered in a spreadsheet with each line representing a unique case, including age, sex, health region location, and history of travel where available. Sources are included as a reference for each entry. All data are exclusively collected from publicly available sources including government reports and news media.


# Acknowledgements
We want to thank all individuals and organizations across Canada who have been willing and able to report data in as open and timely a manner as possible. A number of individuals have contributed to the specific data added here and their names and details are listed below, as well as in the contributors tab of the spreadsheet. Please see below for a recommended citation of this dataset.


# Dataset
The line list of cases is posted and updated at:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D6okqtBS3S2NRC7GFVHzaZ67DuTw7LX49-fqSLwJyeo/edit?usp=sharing

Alternately, the dataset can be downloaded directly using the following link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1D6okqtBS3S2NRC7GFVHzaZ67DuTw7LX49-fqSLwJyeo/export?format=xlsx

We aim to continue making updates daily. 


# Dashboard
We have also created an interactive dashboard for up-to-date visual analytics and epidemiological analyses. 

This is available for public use at: https://art-bd.shinyapps.io/covid19canada/


# Specific Contributors
Name | Organization | Email | Twitter
--- | --- | --- | ---
Isha Berry | University of Toronto  | isha.berry@mail.utoronto.ca | @ishaberry2
Jean-Paul R. Soucy | University of Toronto | jeanpaul.soucy@mail.utoronto.ca | @JPSoucy
James E. Wright | SickKids | jamese.wright@sickkids.ca | @JWright159
Kamal Acharya | University of Guelph | |
Gabrielle Brankston | University of Guelph | |
Thivya Naganathan | University of Guelph | |
Lindsay Obress | University of Guelph | |
Tanya Rossi | University of Guelph | |
Wendy Xie | University of Guelph | |

# Citation
COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group. Epidemiological Data from the COVID-19 Outbreak in Canada. https://github.com/ishaberry/Covid19Canada. (Access Date).
